---  
title: "DALL·E 3 Art"  
date_created: 2023-11-04
date: 2023-11-04 # date_modified  
# type: posts  
published: true  
categories:  
  - Art  
tags:  
  - art  
status: on going project  
confidence: highly likely  
importance: 2  
excerpt: "Assorted pieces of art I've generated with DALL·E 3"
---  

{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.15.49 - Low polygon art print featuring a penguin with colorful paint splatters. The penguin is composed of geometric shapes, primarily in black and white, wi copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.15.55 - Low polygon art print of a sea otter. The style is similar to the previous image of the penguin, featuring colorful paint splatters selectively applie copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.15.58 - Low polygon art print of a sea otter. The style is similar to the previous image of the penguin, featuring colorful paint splatters selectively applie copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.16.45 - Low polygon art style illustration of an orangutan with vibrant color splatters across some of the polygons, creating a dynamic and artistic depiction copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.16.50 - Low polygon art style illustration of an orangutan with vibrant color splatters across some of the polygons, creating a dynamic and artistic depiction copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.18.12 - A digital art print of a narwhal in low polygon style. The image features geometric shapes that come together to form the unique silhouette of a narwh copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.25.13 - Create a low polygon art print of a bald eagle with a majestic stance. The eagle should have a sharp gaze, with its feathers captured in a variety of  copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.26.27 - Low polygon art style illustration of an elephant with a dynamic pose. The elephant should have a variety of geometric shapes defining its form, with  copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.27.04 - A vibrant low polygon art print of a giraffe, standing tall with its characteristic long neck and spotted pattern. The artwork is composed of geometri copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.28.15 - Low polygon art print of a redwood tree, with a few colorful paint splatters across some of the polygons to add a vivid and artistic touch, creating a copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.31.54 - Low polygon art print of a Tesla Model Y, featuring a dynamic array of colorful paint splatters that appear to be thrown across some of the polygons,  copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.40.49 - Low polygon art style illustration of an avocado. The avocado should be cut in half to expose the pit, and the surface should have a detailed polygona copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.48.03 - Create a low polygon art print of a mountain home surrounded by snow. The scene should be serene and capture the essence of a winter landscape, with t copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.52.49 - Create a low polygon art print of a lion against a snowy background. The lion is composed of geometric, faceted surfaces that give it a crystalline ap copy.png" %}
{% include figure image_path="/assets/images/dalle3/DALL·E 2023-11-04 15.52.58 - Create a low polygon art print of a lion against a snowy background. The lion is composed of geometric, faceted surfaces that give it a crystalline ap copy 2.png" %}


Originally inspired by Diana D'achille's [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/diana_dachille) I wanted to play around with my own twist on low-poly creatures and objects.

---

